<top>
<num> Number: 701

<title> U.S. oil industry history

<desc> Description:
Describe the history of the U.S. oil industry

<narr> Narrative:
Relevant documents will include those on historical exploration and
drilling as well as history of regulatory bodies. Relevant are history
of the oil industry in various states, even if drilling began in 1950
or later.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 702

<title> Pearl farming

<desc> Description:
Pearl farming operations: actual farming operations described,
culturing pearls, "Japanese pearl productions," status of pearl
farming, production.

<narr> Narrative:
Definitions of difference between natural, cultured, and imitation
pearls is relevant. Description of how pearls are formed and
discussion of mussel production for use in pearl preselection is
relevant. "Pearl industry" with no further detail is NOT
relevant. Rules for jewelers is relevant.  Statistics on pearl
production are relevant.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 703

<title> U.S. against International Criminal Court

<desc> Description:
What are the arguments the U.S. uses against joining the International 
Criminal Court?

<narr> Narrative:
The title of an article alone is not sufficient to make a document
relevant, nor are lists of articles relevant without descriptions of their
content.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 704

<title> Green party political views

<desc> Description:
What are the goals and political views of the Green Party.

<narr> Narrative:
Evidence that the Green Party is a recognized U.S. political party is
relevant.  Documents which reveal their goals, values, or political
views are relevant.  Attempts by green party members to stop or
interrupt U.S. government efforts regarding certain environmental
actions which they disagree with is not relevant.  Any members names
noted are considered relevant.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 705

<title> Iraq foreign debt reduction

<desc> Description:
Identify any efforts, proposed or undertaken, by world governments to seek 
reduction of Iraq's foreign debt.

<narr> Narrative: Documents noting this subject as a topic for
discussion (e.g. at U.N. and G7) are relevant. Money pledged for
reconstruction is irrelevant.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 706

<title> Controlling type II diabetes

<desc> Description:
What are methods used to control type II diabetes?

<narr> Narrative:
Items containing such controls as determining blood sugar levels and
keeping triglycerides, cholesterol and blood pressure in normal ranges
are relevant. Mention of mild to moderate weight loss, regular
exercise and learning new behaviors and attitudes, medications is
relevant.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 707

<title> Aspirin cancer prevention

<desc> Description:
What evidence is there that aspirin may help prevent cancer?

<narr> Narrative:
Relevant documents will state the type of cancer and the organizations
which made the findings that aspirin was useful in prevention.
Documents which appear to only link to the desired information,
rather than having this information in the document, are not relevant.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 708

<title> Decorative slate sources

<desc> Description:
What are sources of slate stone for decorative use?

<narr> Narrative:
Relevant documents will mention where slate can be obtained that is
appropriate for decorative uses such as flooring, counter tops, or art.
Quarries as well as distributors are relevant.  "Slate belt" does not
imply a source of slate.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 709

<title> Horse racing jockey weight

<desc> Description:
What are the limits and regulations concerning jockey weight in horse
racing?

<narr> Narrative:
Documents which discuss rules for horse racing relating to the weight
of the jockey are relevant.  Documents which give a minimum jockey
weight are relevant.  List of titles of sections with no text are NOT
relevant.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 710

<title> Prostate cancer treatments

<desc> Description:
What are the various treatments for prostate cancer?

<narr> Narrative: 
Relevant cancer treatments include radiation therapy, radioactive
pellets, hormonal therapy and surgery. "Watchful waiting" is also
considered relevant.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 711

<title> Train station security measures

<desc> Description:
What security measures have been employed at train stations due to
heightened security concerns?

<narr> Narrative:
Use of national guard forces is considered relevant. Surveillance
cameras, more police officers, K-9 units, and better ID checks are
considered relevant.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 712

<title> Pyramid scheme

<desc> Description:
What are some actual examples of pyramid schemes?

<narr> Narrative:
A relevant document must describe the actual pyramid scheme, not just
the place it occurred or that it was a pyramid scheme.  Theoretical
description of a pyramid scheme is not relevant. Ponzi schemes are
relevant (they are a type of pyramid).

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 713

<title> Chesapeake Bay Maryland clean

<desc> Description:
What is the state of Maryland doing to clean up the Chesapeake Bay?

<narr> Narrative:
Relevant documents will describe what Maryland in particular is doing
to clean up the Bay.  Documents that focus on other states that only
mention Maryland in a group of cooperating states are not relevant.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 714

<title> License restrictions older drivers

<desc> Description:
What restrictions are placed on older persons renewing their drivers'
licenses in the U.S.?

<narr> Narrative:
Not relevant are documents on restrictions for persons with medical
conditions, not necessarily related to age. Also not relevant are lists
of publications on drivers licenses for older persons which give no
restriction information.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 715

<title> Schizophrenia drugs

<desc> Description:
What organizations (private or governmental) are developing drugs to combat 
schizophrenia?

<narr> Narrative:
Mention of pharmaceutical companies and university laboratories
developing drugs is relevant. Also relevant are entities (such as
NIMH) engaged in clinical trials of drugs which had been developed but
were still under investigation.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 716

<title> Spammer arrest sue

<desc> Description:
Have any spammers been arrested or sued for sending unsolicited
e-mail?

<narr> Narrative:
Instances of arrests, prosecutions, convictions, and punishments of
spammers, and lawsuits against them are relevant.  Documents which
describe laws to limit spam without giving details of lawsuits or
criminal trials are not relevant.


</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 717

<title> Gifted talented student programs

<desc> Description:
What states or localities offer programs for gifted and talented students?

<narr> Narrative:
Relevant is any document that shows a state or locality offers a
program for gifted and talented children. Not relevant are documents
on federal programs for gifted and talented children, nor information
on organizations that promote programs for gifted and talented
students.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 718

<title> Controlling acid rain

<desc> Description:
What methods are used to control acid rain and its effects?

<narr> Narrative:
Documents pertaining to the decrease or eliminations of sulfur dioxide
and nitrogen oxides into the air are relevant. Any reduction of the
burning of fossil fuels is also relevant. Documents pertaining to the
"Clean Air Act" are considered relevant.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 719

<title> Cruise ship damage sea life

<desc> Description:
What kinds of harm do cruise ships do to sea life such as coral reefs,
and what is the extent of the damage?

<narr> Narrative:
References to "large ships" or "shipping" are relevant unless a
freighter or other type of non-cruise ship is specified or is
otherwise apparent from name or picture.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 720

<title> Federal welfare reform

<desc> Description:
Find documents about Federal welfare reform legislation, regulation,
and policy.

<narr> Narrative:
Documents pertaining to welfare reform by a state are irrelevant.
Resources such as pertinent legislation, regulations, policy and
reports on the progress of Federal welfare reform are relevant.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 721

<title> Census data applications

<desc> Description:
What applications are there for U.S. decennial census data, and how is
it used?

<narr> Narrative:
Relevant documents must clearly describe how census data is used.
Documents which only list types of available census data are not
relevant.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 722

<title> Iran terrorism

<desc> Description:
In what ways does Iran support terrorism?

<narr> Narrative:
Documents state only that Iran supports terrorism, without giving
details, are not relevant.  Relevant documents will identify terrorist
groups sponsored by Iran, official links between Iran and terrorist
attacks, or funding trails.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 723

<title> Executive privilege

<desc> Description:
What is the U.S. government's definition of "executive privilege?"

<narr> Narrative:
Relevant documents will define the term "executive privilege", or
describe an invocation of executive privilege which helps explain it.
Application of executive privilege beyond the President to the
executive branch is relevant.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 724

<title> Iran Contra

<desc> Description:
What was the Iran-Contra scandal and what were the consequences?

<narr> Narrative:
Not relevant are documents that mention the Iran-Contra affair only
peripherally in discussing some other subject.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 725

<title> Low white blood cell count

<desc> Description:
What would cause a lowered white blood cell count?

<narr> Narrative:
A relevant document will describe a condition or disease that causes a
lowered white blood cell count.  Lowered white blood cell counts
caused by HIV infection, bone marrow failure and chemotherapy are
relevant.  A low count caused by a treatment or medication would also
be relevant.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 726

<title> Hubble telescope repairs

<desc> Description:
What repairs have been made on the Hubble telescope?

<narr> Narrative:
Not relevant are documents such as lists of resources, inquiries or
photos of or by Hubble that provide no information on repairs, unless
the captions discuss or describe repairs.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 727

<title> Church arson

<desc> Description:
Identify any specific instances of church arson.

<narr> Narrative:
Relevant documents must identify a specific arson attack and give the
name of the church and/or its location.  General references such as
mention of histories or patterns of arsons at churches, or statistics
from the church arson task force were considered irrelevant.
Suspected arson and burning of synagogues are considered relevant.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 728

<title> whales save endangered

<desc> Description:
What's being done to save endangered whales?

<narr> Narrative:
A relevant document will reveal any noted efforts to save whales.  The
classification of certain whales as an endangered species is an effort
to save them, and therefore documents reflecting this are relevant.
Proposals to limit whale hunting are not relevant if they are
proposals not actual laws or regulations. Bans and moratoriums on
whaling are relevant.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 729

<title> Whistle blower department of defense

<desc> Description:
What have been revelations of whistle blowers concerning the U.S.
Department of Defense?

<narr> Narrative:
Relevant documents will describe instances of kickbacks, fraud, or
other illegal activity revealed by whistle blowers at the Department
of Defense.  Whistle blower protections and regulations are not
relevant.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 730

<title> Gastric bypass complications

<desc> Description:
What are some of the possible complications and potential dangers of
gastric bypass surgery?

<narr> Narrative:
Mention of other bypass surgeries (e.g. heart, intestinal bypass,
vertical banding, etc) are not considered relevant.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 731

<title> Kurds history

<desc> Description:
What is the history of the Kurds?

<narr> Narrative:
Relevant are documents on long-time history of the Kurds, as well as
documents on recent events, such as Saddam Hussein's 1988 poison gas
attack on Kurdish residents of Halabja. Not relevant are documents on
unrelated subjects that only briefly mention the Halabja attack.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 732

<title> U.S. cheese production 

<desc> Description:
What cheese production is carried out in the U.S.?

<narr> Narrative:
Relevant documents describe cheese production, including cheddar,
swiss, gouda, and goat cheese.  Products that include cheese are not
relevant unless it is made clear that the cheese is made in the
U.S. USDA regulations are not relevant unless they cite U.S.-produced
cheese.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 733

<title> Airline overbooking

<desc> Description:
What are the regulations regarding airline overbooking?

<narr> Narrative:
Relevant documents indicate regulations or industry rules which govern
the practice of overbooking, selling more seats than are available on
the plane.  Schedules for reporting over-sales are relevant.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 734

<title> Recycling successes

<desc> Description:
What recycling projects have been successful?

<narr> Narrative:
Guidelines by themselves are not relevant. Titles in a table of
contents are relevant if they identify places or product programs
which have had success. Must be declared successful or success should
be clearly assumed from the description.  Name of state identified as
successful recycler is relevant. Listing of recycled products for sale
are relevant.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 735

<title> Afghan women condition

<desc> Description:
Is the condition of Afghan women better under the new government than
under the Taliban?

<narr> Narrative:
Relevant documents must give information about Afghan women,
post-Taliban, including whether they have more rights and freedom. Not
relevant are documents from U.S. officials supporting women's rights
or describing U.S. aid to Afghanistan aimed to help women.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 736

<title> location BSE infections

<desc> Description:
Where have animals infected with bovine spongiform encephalopathy
(also known as BSE or Mad Cow disease) been found?

<narr> Narrative:
Relevant documents should be specific, i.e. give a country or state
instead of Europe or Asia.  BSE should not be confused with TSE
(Transmissible Spongiform Encephalopathy).  Measures taken to limit or
curb BSE infections are not relevant.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 737

<title> Enron California energy crisis

<desc> Description:
What allegations have been made about Enron's culpability in the
California Energy crisis?

<narr> Narrative:
Relevant documents will allege than Enron contributed to California's
energy crisis.  Mention of the failure of Enron to provide documents
is not relevant.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 738

<title> Anthrax hoaxes

<desc> Description:
What are some examples of anthrax hoaxes?

<narr> Narrative:
Only specific examples are relevant. Documents giving statistics such
as "20 individuals arrested for hoaxes" are not relevant.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 739

<title> Habitat for Humanity

<desc> Description:
What is the organization "Habitat for Humanity", and what activities
are they involved in?

<narr> Narrative:
Documents that explain a specific Habitat for Humanity program are
relevant. Locations of Habitat for Humanity chapters are
relevant. Documents that reveal the purpose of Habitat for Humanity
are relevant.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 740

<title> regulate assisted living Maryland

<desc> Description:
Who regulates assisted living facilities in Maryland?

<narr> Narrative:
Relevant documents will indicate agencies which regulate assisted
living facilities in Maryland.  Documents which mention such an agency
without indicating their regulatory responsibility are not relevant.
Documents mentioning the agency and purpose, but not the state are not
relevant.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 741

<title> Artificial Intelligence

<desc> Description:
What is artificial intelligence?

<narr> Narrative:
Any documents pertaining to pattern recognition, problem-solving,
natural language processing, and game playing, which are branches of
artificial intelligence, are relevant.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 742

<title> hedge funds fraud protection

<desc> Description:
What protection do investors have against fraud by hedge funds?

<narr> Narrative:
Relevant documents will give information on consumer protections
against fraud by hedge funds.  If different financial structures are
involved, such as multiple kinds of funds or derivatives, the document
is not relevant unless it makes clear that the fraud applies to hedge
funds.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 743

<title> Freighter ship registration

<desc> Description:
What are the regulations and other considerations concerning
registering a freighter in a country?

<narr> Narrative:
Relevant documents will describe rules and regulations for registering
a freighter under a particular flag or country.  Anything relating to
registration of freighters is relevant.  Information about other types
of ships is not relevant.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 744

<title> Counterfeit ID punishments

<desc> Description:
What punishments or sentences have been given in the U.S. for
making or selling counterfeit IDs?

<narr> Narrative:
Relevant documents will describe punishments for manufacturing or
selling counterfeit identification, such as drivers licenses,
passports, social security cards, etc.  Fake professional
certifications and fake credit cards are relevant. Counterfeit goods
or auto serial numbers not relevant. Counterfeit checks are not
relevant.  "Counterfeiting" with no indication of type is relevant.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 745

<title> Doomsday cults

<desc> Description:
Identify any doomsday cult, their name, and location throughout the world.

<narr> Narrative:
To be relevant a document must reflect that the cult is a doomsday or
apocalyptic cult.  Any document which indicates the location (by
country) and name of the doomsday cult is relevant. References to cults
other than doomsday cults is not relevant.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 746

<title> Outsource job India

<desc> Description:
What jobs have been outsourced to India?

<narr> Narrative:
Relevant documents will identify jobs which used to be in the U.S. but
have been outsourced to India.  When the word "outsourced" is used not
used but implied it is still relevant.  Outsourcing to other countries
besides India is not relevant.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 747

<title> Library computer oversight

<desc> Description:
What control or oversight is there over computer use in public libraries?

<narr> Narrative:
Relevant documents will describe specific controls or oversight
mechanisms that currently are in use.  Bills that propose controls but
have not been passed are not relevant.  Statements regarding a lack of
control/monitoring are not relevant.  The fact that a Librarian must
load CDs for patrons is relevant.  Fees for computer print outs are
not relevant.  Statement of illegal activities that are prohibited is
not relevant.  Restrictions to legal research is relevant.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 748

<title> Nuclear reactor types

<desc> Description:
Name the types of nuclear reactor power plants in operation in the United 
States. 

<narr> Narrative:
Relevant document will contain information which identifies the type
of commercial nuclear reactors in use in the United States. Documents
indicating the difference in how these reactors work is
relevant. General information on nuclear reactors is not
relevant. Future changes in nuclear reactors is not relevant. Total
numbers of each type of reactor is of relevance.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 749

<title> Puerto Rico state

<desc> Description:
Do people in Puerto Rico want for it to become a U.S. State?

<narr> Narrative:
Relevant documents will show that the Puerto Rican people want or do
not want United States statehood. Relevant documents can contain
information indicating other choices for Puerto Ricans such as to
remain a commonwealth of the U.S.  or to become an independent
nation. All other documents containing Puerto Rico commercial,
geographical, economic, etc. information is not relevant.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 750

<title> John Edwards womens issues

<desc> Description:
What are Senator John Edwards' positions on women's issues such as pay
equity, abortion, Title IX and violence against women.

<narr> Narrative:
Relevant documents will indicate Senator John Edwards' stand on issues
concerning women, such as pay parity, abortion rights, Title IX, and
violence against women.  Lists of press releases are relevant when the
headlines show he is voting for or against bills on women's
issues. Not relevant are Edwards' positions on issues not exclusively
concerning women.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 751

<title> Scrabble Players

<desc> Description:
Give information on Scrabble players, when and where Scrabble is
played, and how popular it has been.

<narr> Narrative:
Give information on the social aspects of the game Scrabble. Scrabble
players may be named or described as a group.  Both real and fictional
players are relevant. Mention of a scheduled Scrabble game is
relevant. Scrabble's popularity is relevant.  An account of a
particular game is relevant.  Descriptions of variants on the Scrabble
game are not relevant. Use of Scrabble tiles for other purposes are
not relevant. Scrabble software is not relevant unless there is
mention of its users.  Titles of Scrabble-related books (dictionaries,
glossaries, rulebooks) are not relevant.


</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 752

<title> Dam removal

<desc> Description:
Where have dams been removed and what has been the environmental
impact?

<narr> Narrative:
Discussions of dam removal in general are relevant. Identification of
specific places where dams have been removed is relevant, as is
discussion of the environmental impact of removal. Applications for
removal are not relevant unless reasons are given.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 753

<title> bullying prevention programs

<desc> Description:
What programs have been used in schools to prevent bullying of
students?

<narr> Narrative:
Relevant documents must have details about actual programs developed
for and implemented in a school or schools with the goal of preventing
bullying.  This would include details such as classes, assemblies,
discipline, mediation or projects for students and staff.  Advice on
how to develop such a program is not relevant.  Listings or titles of
programs without details as to how they are implemented are not
relevant.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 754

<title> domestic adoption laws

<desc> Description:
Provide any legal information about domestic human adoption.

<narr> Narrative:
Relevant documents must describe any laws covering adoption of minor
children within the United States, to include laws of any specific
states. Description of a law without specific name or identification
of that law is acceptable.  Reference to a law and its impact are
acceptable. A reference to a law without any textual description of
that law is not acceptable .(e.g. "Joe Bloggs was responsible for
passage of adoption law Nr#####.") Documents containing only
tax-related legalities, such as tax allowances, are not acceptable.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 755

<title> Scottish Highland Games

<desc> Description:
What is the history and location of Scottish highland games in the
United States.

<narr> Narrative:
Description of Scottish and Highland Games performed in the United
States, their history and their geographic location are relevant. Mere
mention of the games, time and place without description is considered
not relevant.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 756

<title> Volcanic Activity

<desc> Description:
Locations of volcanic activity which occurred within the present day
boundaries of the U.S. and its territories.

<narr> Narrative:
Relevant information would include when volcanic activity took place,
even millions of years ago, or, on the contrary, if it is a possible
future event.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 757

<title> Murals

<desc> Description:
Show examples of murals.

<narr> Narrative:
A picture of a mural must be present. Murals from any time period,
works in progress, and portions of murals are relevant.  Rothko's
mural paintings are relevant. Friezes (bands of wall decoration) are
relevant.

</top>
 
<top>
<num> Number: 758

<title> Embryonic stem cells

<desc> Description:
What are embryonic stem cells, and what restrictions are placed on
their use in research?

<narr> Narrative:
Explanation of the nature of embryonic stem cells is relevant. Their
usefulness in research is relevant. Sources for them and restrictions
on them also are relevant.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 759

<title> civil war battle reenactments

<desc> Description:
When and where are Civil War battle reenactments held?

<narr> Narrative:
Reenactments of actual Civil War battles which are scheduled to be or
have previously been performed are relevant.  Regularly scheduled, or
annual events are relevant.  General reenactments of a soldier's life,
dress, encampments, and demonstrations not connected to a specific
battle are not relevant.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 760

<title> american muslim mosques schools

<desc> Description:
Statistics regarding American Muslims, mosques, and schools.

<narr> Narrative:
Relevant documents should provide some count or proportion of mosques,
Muslim-affiliated schools, or population. With regard to population,
specific age groupings, sexes, or other categorizations are
acceptable. The statistics can be pertinent to a specific geographic
area, such as Fulton County, the state of California, or the
Northeast.  There is no restriction as to time period (for example
2005 versus 1987).

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 761

<title> Problems of Hmong Immigrants

<desc> Description:
Describe the problems faced by Hmong immigrants to the United States

<narr> Narrative:
Problems faced by Hmong immigrants and programs or legislation to
assist with these problems are relevant. Legislation to grant
citizenship to Hmong with an inadequate knowledge of English is judged
relevant. Listings of materials and services available in the Hmong
language are not relevant.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 762

<title> History of Physicians in America

<desc> Description:
Who have been considered "doctors" since the first European settlement
in America?

<narr> Narrative:
The history of physicians in America is relevant.  Native American
practitioners would not be relevant.  Women who knew herbs and
practiced midwifery would be relevant. Mention of "doctor" would be
relevant if he/she is considered to be a doctor by other people.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 763

<title> Hunting deaths

<desc> Description:
Give information on human deaths associated with hunting for game.

<narr> Narrative:
Accidental deaths, murders, and suicides are relevant. Deaths can be
from any cause. Fatalities of people not in the hunting party are
relevant, but the deaths must be connected with hunting. Relevant
hunting must be for live prey.  Deaths related to submarine hunting
are not relevant.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 764

<title> Increase mass transit use

<desc> Description:
What is being done to increase mass transit use?

<narr> Narrative:
Relevant documents should describe measures taken in municipalities to
increase mass transit use.  Actions taken by city officials or transit
managers to increase rider ship of mass transit are relevant. Factors
preventing use of mass transit are relevant. General statements of the
value of mass transit are not relevant.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 765

<title> ephedra ma huang deaths

<desc> Description:
How many deaths have been attributed to the drug ephedra, also known
as the herbal ingredient ma huang?

<narr> Narrative:
Information of specific individuals' deaths or numbers of deaths
actually attributed to the use of ephedra or ma huang is relevant.
Mixed statistics which conflate injuries and deaths are not relevant.
General statements referring to death as a side effect of the drug's
use are not relevant.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 766

<title> diamond smuggling

<desc> Description:
Illicit activity involving diamonds, to include diamond smuggling.

<narr> Narrative:
Relevant documents should include information about any illicit
diamond activity. Smuggling of diamonds may be stated literally but
other activities where illegal export (smuggling) is implied are
acceptable. Such terms as "conflict diamonds" and "blood diamonds" are
pertinent. The diamond terminology without text (such as a
bibliography or document-less table of contents) is not
acceptable. Any geographic area or relatively current (post 1950)
timeframe is relevant.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 767

<title> Pharmacist License requirements

<desc> Description:
What are the requirements for a pharmacist's license in the U.S.?


<narr> Narrative:
Laws governing time issuance or renewal of a pharmacist's license in
the various states are relevant. Requirements to qualify for a license
and to perform under the license are relevant. Listings of pharmacies,
pharmacists or agencies regulating or concerned with pharmacy are not
relevant.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 768

<title> Women in state legislatures

<desc> Description:
What is the number of women legislators or what percentage of the
total legislators in any given state are women?

<narr> Narrative:
A relevant document gives the exact number or the percentage of the
total number of legislators that are women in any given state of the
50 states or gives a total for the entire United States. A document
talking about only one woman legislator is not relevant.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 769

<title> Kroll Associates Employees

<desc> Description:
Identify employees of Kroll Associates.

<narr> Narrative:
Employees must be named. Past and present Kroll employees are
relevant. Kroll Associates is an international investigative and
security firm whose regional branches are known as Kroll Associates
Inc. or Kroll Associates Ltd. CK Kroll & Associates is an unrelated
company and not relevant.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 770

<title> Kyrgyzstan-United States relations

<desc> Description:
What is the state of Kyrgyzstan-United States relations?

<narr> Narrative:
Relevant documents should discuss interactions between Kyrgyzstan and
the United States. Teaching guides for U.S. schools and other
documents on Kyrgyzstan are not relevant unless they include
information on relations between the two nations.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 771

<title> deformed leopard frogs

<desc> Description:
What deformities have been found in leopard frogs?

<narr> Narrative:
Relevant documents must contain information pertaining to deformities
specifically in leopard frogs.  Details such as where these deformed
frogs have been found and the types and/or causes of their deformities
are relevant.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 772

<title> flag display rules

<desc> Description:
What are the rules or guidelines for display of the United States
flag?

<narr> Narrative:
Relevant documents must provide any regulations or guidelines for
display of the U.S. flag. Not acceptable are bibliographies, tables of
contents, or links to websites containing such information. Documents
limited to flag abuse or desecration are not acceptable.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 773

<title> Pennsylvania slot machine gambling

<desc> Description:
What is the legal status of slot machine gambling in Pennsylvania?

<narr> Narrative:
Legislation dealing with slot machine gambling in Pennsylvania is
relevant as are count reports of cases prosecuted under existing
law. Proposals to change existing laws in Pennsylvania relating to
slot machine gambling outside of Pennsylvania are not relevant.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 774

<title> Causes of Homelessness

<desc> Description:
What are some of the causes of homelessness?

<narr> Narrative:
Relevant causes do not have to be the actions of the homeless person/s
themselves. Causes can come from outside the homeless person/s, such
as being a veteran, or lack of available, lost-cost housing. Relevant
causes can also be the actions of the homeless person/s such as
alcoholism or drug addictions.  Other relevant reasons are a persons
desire to be "free" or mental illness.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 775

<title> Commercial candy makers

<desc> Description:
Identify commercial candy makers and give information concerning them.

<narr> Narrative:
A candy manufacturer or brand must be named. Information on the
company and its products, methods, markets, history, problems,
successes, and popularity are relevant. Lawsuits and regulatory
actions are relevant if a candy company or brand is named in the
discussion.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 776

<title> Magnet schools success

<desc> Description:
Are magnet schools considered successful in districts where they have
been created?

<narr> Narrative:
Documents which describe the way magnet schools operate in general or
in specific locations are relevant if they relate whether or not they
are thought to be successful. Success can be judged in terms of
reduced racial segregation or improved academic achievement or
both. Documents which only state plans or aims are not relevant.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 777

<title> hybrid alternative fuel cars

<desc> Description:
What hybrid or alternative fuel passenger cars are auto manufacturers
now marketing or developing for future sales?

<narr> Narrative:
Relevant documents must contain some detail as to the manufacturer and
model or type of car.  Lists of manufactures and car models are
relevant. SUV's and mini vans for private, not commercial, use are
relevant.  Commercial vehicles, such as buses or trucks are not
relevant.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 778

<title> golden ratio

<desc> Description:
Golden ratio formula, description, or examples.

<narr> Narrative:
Documents must contain the Golden Ratio formula or a description of
its development. References to works of art, design, or architecture
are acceptable. Examples of the Golden Ratio appearing in nature are
acceptable.  Other terms, such as "Golden Mean" or "Golden
Proportion", are acceptable and can be substituted for Golden
Ratio. References to Fibonacci without specifying the Golden Ratio or
its formula are not acceptable. Documents limited to web links,
bibliographies, or tables of contents (without accompanying documents)
are not acceptable.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 779

<title> Javelinas range and description

<desc> Description:
Describe the Javelina or collared peccary and its geographic range.


<narr> Narrative:
Physical description, habits, habitat, and range are all
relevant. Photographs identified as "javelina" or "peccary" are
relevant.  Biographical listings or listings of 200 exhibits including
the species' name are not considered relevant.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 780

<title> Arable land

<desc> Description:
How much of planet Earth is arable at present?  Area must have plenty
of water, sun and soil to support plant life.

<narr> Narrative:
The mention of the percentage of land in any given state or country
that will support plant life is relevant. The land does not have to be
presently used for crops to be relevant.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 781

<title> Squirrel control and protections

<desc> Description:
Give information on steps to manage, control, or protect squirrels.

<narr> Narrative:
Real or abstract measures are relevant. Petitions and decisions
concerning squirrels are relevant. Dangers to squirrels and threats to
their survival are relevant. Mentions of squirrel hunting are
relevant. Measures to protect from damage by squirrels are
relevant. Simple descriptions of squirrels are not relevant.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 782

<title> Orange varieties seasons

<desc> Description:
What are the varieties of oranges and when is each in season?

<narr> Narrative:
Descriptions of orange varieties and the seasons in which they ripen
are relevant. Lists are relevant if they name varieties of
oranges. General information about oranges is not relevant.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 783

<title> school mercury poisoning

<desc> Description:
How have mercury poisonings of children occurred in schools and what
measures are being taken to prevent such incidents?

<narr> Narrative:
Relevant documents must have information on the ways mercury
poisonings have actually occurred in schools and/or concrete measures
that have been taken to prevent or reduce mercury exposure in
schools. Relevant preventative measures would include specific
regulations or policies enacted or the establishment of mercury-free
zones. General information of how a poisoning might occur or advice on
precautions in handling mercury is not relevant.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 784

<title> mersenne primes

<desc> Description:
Give a definition or description of Mersenne prime numbers.

<narr> Narrative:
The document should have the formula for Mersenne primes. However, the
exact formula may be omitted if there is a narrative description
sufficiently clear for the reader to render it into the desired
equation. A discussion of Mersenne numbers without reference to
Mersenne primes is not acceptable! If the equation appears to be
incorrect it will be acceptable anyway.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 785

<title> Ivory-billed woodpecker

<desc> Description:
What is the history and present status of the Ivory-billed Woodpecker?

<narr> Narrative:
References to places where the Ivory-billed woodpecker was previously
reported are relevant whether or not its present status has been
determined.  Statements that its status is "extirpated" or "extinct"
are relevant descriptions of programs to locate, preserve, encourage
or reintroduce this species are relevant. Reports of sightings and
last sightings are relevant.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 786

<title> Yew trees

<desc> Description:
Where do yew trees grow anywhere on the globe?

<narr> Narrative:
To be relevant the document must mention a place where the yew tree
grows. The name of a forest or park or river is sufficient. The
country's name does not have to be listed for it to be relevant.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 787

<title> Sunflower Cultivation

<desc> Description:
Give information on the cultivation of sunflowers.

<narr> Narrative:
Problems in growing sunflowers and tips for success are
relevant. Descriptions of how sunflowers grow are
relevant. Identifications of places where sunflowers are cultivated
are relevant.  Information on the Ox-eye Sunflower and plants in the
sunflower family are relevant.


</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 788

<title> Reverse mortgages

<desc> Description:
What are reverse mortgages and how do they work?

<narr> Narrative:
Relevant documents will define reverse mortgages, describe
requirements for qualifying, and explain how homeowners make use of
them. Discussions on their advantages and disadvantages are
relevant. Listings of links are relevant if they give information
about reverse mortgages other than the name.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 789

<title> abandoned mine reclamation

<desc> Description:
Find information on abandoned mine reclamation projects.

<narr> Narrative:
Relevant documents must have information regarding specific mine
reclamation projects planned, underway, or completed.  General
information or generalized statistics about mine reclamation are not
relevant.  Also not relevant are remining projects or mining refuse
reclamation.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 790

<title> women's rights in Saudi Arabia

<desc> Description:
Provide any description of laws or restrictions affecting Saudi
Arabian women's rights.

<narr> Narrative:
Acceptable documents must provide a narrative description of Saudi
laws or restrictions affecting Saudi women.  Relevance to women must
be specifically mentioned; general laws affecting women only as a
subset of the whole Population is not acceptable. Documents that
allude to women's rights and restrictions are not acceptable unless
they give an example, however vague.  References to changes in the
laws, improvements, etc. are all acceptable. The time period should be
relatively current (past 50 years).

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 791

<title> Gullah geechee language culture

<desc> Description:
Describe the historical background and present status of
Gullah-Geechee language and culture

<narr> Narrative:
Information on the origin and development of the Gullah-Geechee
people, language and culture is relevant. Statements on relationships
to other groups, languages and cultures are relevant.  Present
geographical limits and geographical origins are relevant. Simple
identification of an individual as Gullah-Geechee is not considered
relevant.


</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 792

<title> Social Security means test

<desc> Description:
Does Social Security use a means test?

<narr> Narrative:
Relevant documents will define "means test" and describe how it is
used in figuring Social Security benefits. Discussions on the way in
which means tests have changed over the years are also relevant.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 793

<title> Bagpipe Bands

<desc> Description:
Give information on, and examples of, bagpipe bands.

<narr> Narrative:
References to, or descriptions of, actual or fictional bagpipe bands
are relevant.  Abstract discussions of bagpipe bands are
relevant. Bands don't have to be named.  Bagpipes must make up a major
part of the band to be relevant.  Bagpipe-and-drum bands and
bagpipe-and-accordion bands are relevant. Bands that include a nominal
bagpipe or two are not relevant. A single bagpiper playing alone is
not relevant, but two or more bagpipers playing together are relevant.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 794

<title> pet therapy

<desc> Description:
How are pets or animals used in therapy for humans and what are the
benefits?

<narr> Narrative:
Relevant documents must include details of how pet- or animal-assisted
therapy is or has been used.  Relevant details include information
about pet therapy programs, descriptions of the circumstances in which
pet therapy is used, the benefits of this type of therapy, the degree
of success of this therapy, and any laws or regulations governing it.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 795

<title> notable cocker spaniels

<desc> Description:
Provide any reference to notable cockers or other spaniels.

<narr> Narrative:
Relevant documents must identify a spaniel that is notable by fame
(Lady), association with a famous person (Checkers), or newsworthy
activity (bomb-sniffing airport security duty). Although cocker
spaniels are preferred, other spaniels (such as water, Brittany,
clumber, etc.) are accepted. A spaniel mentioned as a pet on someone's
Web biography will be acceptable as long as the owner has some degree
of notoriety.  For example, the dog of a state governor is relevant;
some company website's middle manager's dog is not. A newsworthy
activity can include any special talent, trick, or service.  Lists of
books about dogs are not acceptable unless there is some
identification of the dog.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 796

<title> Blue Grass Music Festival history

<desc> Description:
Describe the history of bluegrass music and give location of bluegrass
festivals.

<narr> Narrative:
Any facts relating to the history of bluegrass music are
relevant. Music festivals including bluegrass are relevant whether
titled "bluegrass" blue grass or not.  Geographical location of
festivals is relevant while date or time of year is optional.


</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 797

<title> reintroduction of gray wolves

<desc> Description:
Where in the US have gray wolves been reintroduced in the wild?

<narr> Narrative:
Relevant documents must have information about planned or accomplished
reintroductions of gray wolves and include some detail as to number or
location.  Reintroductions of any type of gray wolf are relevant.  Any
other wolf species is not relevant.  Proposals for, or discussions and
debates about gray wolf reintroduction is not relevant.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 798

<title> Massachusetts textile mills

<desc> Description:
History, development, and locations of textile mills in Massachusetts

<narr> Narrative:
Relevant documents must provide narrative information about the
Massachusetts textile mills. Descriptions of preserved mill-related
sites open to the public are acceptable if they contain historical
information. Sites included only as part of a tour itinerary are not
acceptable. Lesson plans with activities relating to mills are not
acceptable. Mill references appearing only as Web links,
bibliographies, or tables of contents are not acceptable.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 799

<title> Animals in Alzheimer's research

<desc> Description:
What animals have been used in Alzheimer's research?

<narr> Narrative:
Animals that are or were effectively used in Alzheimer's research are
relevant.  Animals that were tried and found not effective in
Alzheimer's research are also relevant.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 800

<title> Ovarian Cancer Treatment

<desc> Description:
The remedies and treatments given to lesson or stop effects of ovarian
cancer.

<narr> Narrative:
Relevant documents must include names of chemicals or medicines used
to fight ovarian cancer. Studies of new treatments that are being
tried are valid, even if they have not reached a conclusion as to
effectiveness.

</top>

<top>
<num> Number: 801

<title> Kudzu Pueraria lobata

<desc> Description:
Describe the origin, nature, extent of spread and means of controlling
kudzu.

<narr> Narrative:
Identification of kudzu as an invasive species with description of how
it spreads and grows is relevant.  A document which is simply a list
headed "invasive species" or "noxious weeds" including kudzu is not
relevant.  A statement that kudzu is present in a specific location is
not relevant unless it relates to its spread.  Features of kudzu such
as its use as a treatment for alcoholism or its function as a haven
for plant pathogens describe its nature and are relevant.

</top>


<top> 
<num> Number: 802

<title> Volcano eruptions global temperature

<desc> Description:
What is the impact of volcano eruptions on global temperature?

<narr> Narrative:
Relevant documents discuss the scientific bases for volcanic
eruptions' causing warming or cooling, and may give examples of
volcanoes that did.  Documents which show photos or videos of volcanic
eruptions without tying the volcano to global temperature, or make the
connection only in a causal way are not relevant.

</top>


<top>
<num> Number: 803

<title> May Day

<desc> Description:
Give the history of this holiday and the various ways of celebrating 
May Day.

<narr> Narrative:
The document should have either a discussion of the history of this
holiday or a discussion of various ways of celebrating the holiday
(for example, a discussion of the Maypole).  A page which states that
Mayday is the International Worker's Day, or that Mayday is May 1, or
discusses some unrelated event that takes place around this time will
not be considered relevant (e.g. Louisiana Wetlands May Day).

</top>



<top>
<num> Number: 804

<title> ban on human cloning 

<desc> Description:
Describe resolutions proposed and legislation passed to ban the
cloning of humans and the rationale for the bans.

<narr> Narrative:
Relevant documents will describe the resolutions and legislation
enacted to ban human cloning. Also relevant are the rationales for the
bans.  Documents citing arguments for or against banning of human
cloning that are not in the context of a resolution or legislation are
not relevant. Documents containing references to a ban on human
cloning without additional information are not relevant.

</top>


<top>
<num> Number: 805

<title> Identity Theft Passport

<desc> Description:
Describe the Identify Theft Passport issued to identity theft victims to show
to creditors and law enforcement officers questioning their credit worthiness 
or innocence.

<narr> Narrative:
Relevant documents will describe the efforts to establish an Identity Theft
Passport, the uses of the Passport, and how it helps theft identify victims.
Documents with references to identity theft outside the context of the identity
theft passport are not relevant.

</top>


<top>
<num> Number: 806

<title> Doctors Without Borders

<desc> Description:
What is Doctors Without Borders/Medecins Sans Frontieres and what do
they do?

<narr> Narrative:
Documents must contain a reference to some fact about Doctors Without
Borders, for example, that it is a charitable organization or that it
brings relief to crisis areas.  A discussion of an event or operation
which assumes prior familiarization with DWB is not acceptable.  There
is no assumption that the requester knows that the name "Medecins Sans
Frontieres" is the same organization.  If the two terms appear
conjoined in such a way that it is clear they are synonymous, then any
further reference to MSF can be assessed for relevance to the
requested information.  The organization name on a list of
"humanitarian organizations" qualifies because at least the
terminology tells us that it is an organization and that it does do
humanitarian works.  The name listed solely under the heading "charity"
does not qualify.

</top>


<top>
<num> Number: 807

<title> Sugar tariff-rate quotas

<desc> Description:
Describe the nature and history of sugar tariff-rate quotas in the
United States.

<narr> Narrative:
Documents describing the system, its history and how it works are
relevant.  Proposed changes to the system or new agreements explaining
how it works are relevant.  Listings of current allocations are not
relevant.

</top>


<top>
<num> Number: 808

<title> North Korean Counterfeiting

<desc> Description:
What information is available on the involvement of the North Korean
Government in counterfeiting of US currency.

<narr> Narrative:
A document should provide information on the counterfeiting or the
distribution of counterfeit US currency by the North Korean
Government.  A page which provides evidence for, or quotes government
officials claims that this is happening will be considered relevant.
However, a page that simply states this, with no supporting evidence,
will not be considered relevant.

</top>


<top>
<num> Number: 809

<title> wetlands wastewater treatment 

<desc> Description:
Identify wastewater treatment projects that involve constructed or
natural wetlands.

<narr> Narrative:
Wetlands wastewater treatment projects purposely integrate wetlands to
act as final filters for wastewater.  The project must be named or
geographically located, more precisely than simply the state in which
it resides.

</top>


<top>
<num> Number: 810

<title> timeshare resales

<desc> Description:
Provide information regarding timeshare resales.

<narr> Narrative:
Relevant documents will include those describing the prospects of
reselling a timeshare and the pitfalls one should be aware of when
selling a timeshare.  Real estate legislature regarding the resale of
timeshares is not relevant.

</top>


<top>
<num> Number: 811

<title> handwriting recognition

<desc> Description:
What is the state of recognizing handwritten inputs to computers?

<narr> Narrative:
Relevant documents describe the methodology in carrying out
handwriting recognition.  Patent descriptions may be relevant if they
describe the methodology used in recognizing handwritten input, such
as pen-driven analysis to identify individual characters.  Also
relevant are documents which discuss techniques which are not
character based.  Relevant also is discussion of any databases being
collected to study the problem of handwriting recognition as a means
to inputting handwriting documents into a computer in digitized form.

</top>


<top>
<num> Number: 812

<title> total knee replacement surgery

<desc> Description:
What conditions lead doctors to recommend total knee replacement
surgery and what complications can result from such surgery?

<narr> Narrative:
Documents simply describing the surgery are not relevant.  Documents
concerning court cases in which doctors testify as to the need for
total knee replacement or claimants charge complications from such
surgery are relevant.

</top>


<top>
<num> Number: 813

<title> Atlantic Intracoastal Waterway

<desc> Description:
What is the Atlantic Intracoastal Waterway?

<narr> Narrative:
Relevant documents describe the Atlantic Intracoastal Waterway in any
of the States on the Atlantic seaboard.  Relevant documents may discuss
the extent to which the AIWW is used for economic and/or recreational
purposes.  They also may discuss the extent to which the AIWW is being
maintained by federal and State governments.  Documents reporting
draw bridge schedules and waterway closures in emergency events such
as hurricanes are not relevant.

</top>


<top>
<num> Number: 814

<title> Johnstown flood

<desc> Description:
Provide information about the Johnstown Flood in Johnstown,
Pennsylvania.

<narr> Narrative:
Documents must include any factual information about the Johnstown
Flood, such as number of lives lost, high water statistics, route,
towns affected, causes, etc.  Tourist information sites are acceptable
if they provide historical facts.  Blurbs about library books are
acceptable provided they contain some fact(s) about the flood and are
not listed as fictional accounts.  Information about the year alone
(for example, "The Johnstown Flood of 1889") is not enough.

</top>


<top>
<num> Number: 815

<title> Coast Guard rescues

<desc> Description:
Find accounts of actual Coast Guard rescues.

<narr> Narrative:
Detailed descriptions of rescues are relevant, as well as headlines,
article titles or picture captions if they give sufficient detail to
know what happened.  Rescues involving deaths of the rescuees are
relevant.  Medical evacuations are relevant.  Simulated rescues are
NOT relevant.  Searches without rescues are NOT relevant.  Mere
statistics on numbers of rescues are NOT relevant.

</top>


<top>
<num> Number: 816

<title> USAID assistance to Galapagos

<desc> Description:
Describe efforts made by USAID to protect the biodiversity in the
Galapagos Islands in Ecuador.

<narr> Narrative:
Relevant documents will include activities undertaken by USAID as well
as USAID planned activities.  Activities undertaken and funded by
USAID as well as activities undertaken by USAID and funded by another
organization are relevant.  Documents that reference USAID assistance
to the Galapagos but provide no additional information are not
relevant.

</top>


<top>
<num> Number: 817

<title> sports stadium naming rights

<desc> Description:
How are naming rights to sports stadiums acquired?

<narr> Narrative:
Documents stating how naming rights to any sports stadium were
acquired are relevant.  Text of any plans, laws or agreements stating
how naming rights are to be acquired are also relevant.

</top>


<top>
<num> Number: 818

<title> Chaco Culture National Park

<desc> Description:
What is known about the culture and history of the Chaco people from
features of the Chaco Culture National Historic Park?

<narr> Narrative:
Documents containing description and explanation of the major
archaeological findings in the park are relevant.  Vague references to
"wanderers" and "ruins" without specifics about the people's culture
or type of ruins are not relevant.  Photographs of artifacts
identified simply as "Chaco" or "Chaco Anasazi" with no other
elaboration are not relevant.

</top>


<top>
<num> Number: 819

<title> 1890 Census

<desc> Description:
What is known about the 1890 U.S. Census?

<narr> Narrative:
Relevant documents include information from the 1890 U.S. Census,
including generalized data like population totals for any locales, as
well as any information about the conduct of the census
itself. Relevant documents also may include information about the
present status of the original documents of the 1890 U.S. Census.

</top>


<top>
<num> Number: 820

<title> imported fire ants

<desc> Description:
What are imported fire ants, and how can they be controlled?

<narr> Narrative:
Relevant documents describe what imported fire ants are and where they
came from. Relevant documents describe the impact of imported fire
ants on the inhabitants and economy of the areas they infest. Relevant
documents discuss possible methods of controlling imported fire ants,
as well as the effectiveness of such methods.

</top>


<top>
<num> Number: 821

<title> Internet work-at-home scams

<desc> Description:
Describe the work-at-home scams that are promoted over the Internet.

<narr> Narrative:
Relevant documents will include those that describe work-at-home scams
and the extent of the scam problem.  Documents that describe what is
being done to identify and punish the fraud promoters of work-at-home
scams are not relevant.

</top>


<top>
<num> Number: 822

<title> Custer's Last Stand

<desc> Description:
Give the history of the Battle of the Little Big Horn, June 25 and 26,
1876, also referred to as Custer's Last Stand.

<narr> Narrative:
The documentation should contain information about the events leading
up to the battle, discussion of the actual battle, including Reno's
and Benteen's battalions, or discussion of the events immediately
after the battle, including the escape of Sitting Bull to Canada, or
the evacuation of Reno's wounded to Bismark.  Pages discussing the
monument, the burial or reburial of Custer's troops, or the battle of
Washita are not relevant.  Also, documents which just give the date of
the battle, just give one simple fact about the battle (e.g. number
killed), or are a biography of Custer which only touches on the battle
are not relevant.

</top>

 


<top>
<num> Number: 823

<title> Continuing care retirement communities

<desc> Description:
What features and services are provided by continuing care retirement
communities (CCRC's)?

<narr> Narrative:
Documents describing facilities and services provided by CCRC's are
relevant.  Documents concerning licensing and requirements for
operating a CCRC are not relevant.

</top>


<top>
<num> Number: 824

<title> Civil Air Patrol

<desc> Description:
What is the current role of the Civil Air Patrol and what training do
participants receive?

<narr> Narrative:
Civil Air Patrol (CAP) mission statements are relevant.  CAP
involvement in emergency services, communications, and aerospace
education is relevant.

</top>


<top>
<num> Number: 825

<title> National Guard Involvement in Iraq

<desc> Description:
Describe the deployment of National Guard units to Iraq.

<narr> Narrative:
Relevant documents will include those describing the deployment of
specific National Guard units to Iraq.  Documents describing the role
of the National Guard in Iraq in general terms, such as "playing a
vital role," and describing the deployment of National Guard troops to
Iraq in general are not relevant.

</top>


<top>
<num> Number: 826

<title> Florida Seminole Indians

<desc> Description:
What is the relationship between the U.S. and the Seminole Indians of
Florida?

<narr> Narrative:
Relevant documents describe the history of the Seminole Indian tribes
which are now now located in Florida, and their interaction with the
United States.  Relevant documents also describe the current
relationship between the U.S. and those tribes.

</top>


<top>
<num> Number: 827

<title> Hidden Markov Modeling HMM

<desc> Description:
Give a definition of and/or a description of an application for 
the Hidden Markov Modeling algorithm.

<narr> Narrative:
The documentation should either have a definition or explanation of
Hidden Markov Models, or have a detailed description of an application
of Hidden Markov Models to a specific problem.  A discussion of the
Baum-Welch algorithm, and how it relates to HMM would be acceptable.
However, a document with only a statement of the form, "this software
package is based on a generalized HMM.", or a title of a document
(even if the title gives an application), or nothing more than a state
transition diagram will not be considered relevant.

</top>


<top>
<num> Number: 828

<title> secret shoppers

<desc> Description:
What companies or organizations use secret or mystery shoppers?

<narr> Narrative:
"Secret shoppers" or "mystery shoppers" are people who pose as
customers and report on the service they received. The same function
under a different name is relevant. A relevant document must clearly
identify the user/employer of the secret shopper.

</top>


<top>
<num> Number: 829

<title> Spanish Civil War support

<desc> Description:
Provide information on all kinds of material international support
provided to either side in the Spanish Civil War.

<narr> Narrative:
Given that the requester knows the terminology for the various Spanish
factions on each side in the Spanish Civil War, provide information on
international support for either side, in the form of anything
concrete, e.g. arms, aircraft, money, medicine, volunteers (such as
fighters or medical personnel), etc.  The recipient of such aid (i.e.,
which Spanish faction) should be specified.  Library blurbs are
acceptable as long as they mention a foreign involvement and the side
taken.  Verbal expressions of support from foreign leaders are not
acceptable.  Artistic support does not count - unless the artist
actually went to Spain!

</top>


<top>
<num> Number: 830

<title> model railroads

<desc> Description:
Locate past or present model railroad layouts.

<narr> Narrative:
Model trains in any scale and in any country are relevant.  A simple
exhibit of miniature train cars is not relevant; a layout with track
for the trains to run on must be present.

</top>


<top>
<num> Number: 831

<title> Dulles Airport security

<desc> Description:
Describe the security measures at Dulles International Airport in
Virginia.

<narr> Narrative:
Relevant documents contain information on security measures at Dulles
International Airport in Virginia and the problems with security
measures that have been taken.  Documents that pose questions about
Dulles airport security without providing answers are not relevant.

</top>


<top>
<num> Number: 832

<title> labor union activity

<desc> Description:
What activity involving U.S. labor unions has taken place since 1980?

<narr> Narrative:
Labor union membership figures are relevant.  Strikes, recruiting,
lobbying, negotiating, and support for members are all relevant.
Actions taken concerning unions are relevant.  Union manuals or
theoretical descriptions of procedures are not relevant.

</top>


<top>
<num> Number: 833

<title> Iceland government

<desc> Description:
Provide information about the government of Iceland.

<narr> Narrative:
Provide any information about the form of national government in
Iceland.  This may include any reference to the type or composition of
the government or its historical development.  Documents containing
information on local governments alone are not acceptable.  References
to the activities, action, or position of the government (to include
any ministries or governmental agencies) on any given topic are not
adequate.

</top>


<top>
<num> Number: 834

<title> Global positioning system earthquakes

<desc> Description:
How is the global positioning system (GPS) used for research and
monitoring of earthquakes?

<narr> Narrative:
All documents referring to earthquake monitoring or research making
use of a global positioning system are relevant.  Documents referring
to such monitoring and/or research without specific mention of the
role of GPS are not relevant.

</top>



<top>
<num> Number: 835

<title> Big Dig pork

<desc> Description:
Why is Boston's Central Artery project, also known as "The Big Dig",
characterized as "pork"?

<narr> Narrative:
Relevant documents discuss the Big Dig project, Boston's Central
Artery Highway project, as being a big rip-off to American taxpayers
or refer to the project as "pork".  Not relevant are documents which
report fraudulent acts by individual contractors.  Also not relevant
are reports of cost-overruns on their own.

</top>


<top>
<num> Number: 836

<title> illegal immigrant wages

<desc> Description:
What level of wages are paid to illegal immigrants?

<narr> Narrative:
The simple statement that illegals depress wages is not relevant.
"Sub minimum wage" is relevant because it implies less than the
legally established minimum wage.  A dollar amount per hour, day,
week, month, or year is an ideal answer.  A percent comparison of
wages paid to documented workers is relevant.  Wage levels of illegal
immigrants in any country are relevant.

</top>


<top>
<num> Number: 837

<title> Eskimo History

<desc> Description:
Provide information on the pre-1500 history of the Eskimo (Inuit)
people.
 
<narr> Narrative:
The document should have information on the history and culture of the
Inuit people, previous to 1500.  Pages discussing when and from where
they migrated to North America are acceptable.  Pages discussing the
Inuit people outside of North America are acceptable, as are pages
about the distribution of the Inuit people when first contacted by
Europeans (as this reflects the distribution 300 years earlier).
However, a statement that some aspect of Inuit culture dates dates
back more than 4,000 years, does not by itself make a page relevant.

</top>


<top>
<num> Number: 838

<title> urban suburban coyotes

<desc> Description:
How have humans responded and how should they respond to the
appearance of coyotes in urban and suburban areas?

<narr> Narrative:
Documents reporting the appearance of coyotes in urban and suburban
areas are relevant as are those describing human reactions or
prescribing how to deal with the situation.

</top>


<top>
<num> Number: 839

<title> textile dyeing techniques

<desc> Description:
Explain various techniques used in dyeing textiles and identify their
advantages or disadvantages.

<narr> Narrative:
Abstracts describing techniques are relevant.  Processes directly
related to dyeing (for example, pre-treatment of material to be dyed,
wastewater treatment) are relevant.  Lists of techniques without
explanation are not relevant.

</top>


<top>
<num> Number: 840

<title> Geysers

<desc> Description:
Give the definition, locations, or characteristics of geysers.

<narr> Narrative:
The document should contain what makes a geyser a geyser, where
geysers are found, or the names, location, and characteristics of a
specific geyser.  A page discussing man made geysers, just photos of
geysers, geysers on other planets, or list of geysers even if
associated with a particular basin will not be considered relevant.

</top>



<top>
<num> Number: 841

<title> camel North America

<desc> Description:
Provide information on camels in North America in both prehistoric and
modern times.

<narr> Narrative:
Documents may include mention and/or photos of fossils, bones,
etc.  Documents with photos alone, as long as they are labeled, are
relevant.  A casual mention of a camel presence in Late Miocene
trackways is not relevant.  Modern-day importation and use of camels
such as that by the US military/cavalry for western desert transport
is acceptable.  Non-relevant documents include ones which are limited
to discussions of camel-hair (imported vice domestic, with regard to
NAFTA) or camel pox.  Documents containing laws governing the
importation of camels into the US are not relevant unless they also
contain reference to specific camels being brought in.  Articles
referring to camels in the entertainment field such as zoos or cinema
are acceptable.  Fictional camels such as Joe Camel are not acceptable.

</top>


<top>
<num> Number: 842

<title> David McCullough

<desc> Description:
Give information about David McCullough, author, his life, works,
and/or awards.

<narr> Narrative:
The documentation should provide some information about David
McCullough, the author of "Harry S. Truman".  Pages on some other
David McCullough (even if an author) will not be considered relevant.
A quote from one of his books, or a complete citation of one of his
books, including publisher will be considered relevant.  However, the
observation that someone talked with historian and writer David
McCullough about history does not make the page relevant.

</top>



<top>
<num> Number: 843

<title> Pol Pot

<desc> Description:
Who was Pol Pot and what did he do?

<narr> Narrative:
Documents must include the role of Pol Pot.  It should be indicated
that he was the leader of the Khmer Rouge, a Cambodian leader,
responsible for mass killings, etc.  Any discussion of the Khmer Rouge
that alludes only to the "Pol Pot regime" or the "days of Pol Pot" is
not acceptable.  Bibliographies or library listings are not
acceptable.

</top>


<top>
<num> Number: 844

<title> segmental duplications

<desc> Description:
Give information about segmental duplications in genomes.

<narr> Narrative:
The documentation should either give an explanation of what is a
segmental duplication, how much of the human genome is involved in
segmental duplications, or what are some of the consequences of
(diseases caused by or desirable effects of) miscopying a segmental
duplication.  Pages which contain the title of a document with this
term, or the term with no indication of its meaning will not be
considered relevant.

</top>


<top>
<num> Number: 845

<title> New Jersey tomato

<desc> Description:
Provide information about tomato farming and production in New Jersey.

<narr> Narrative:
Any discussion of New Jersey tomato production, volume, percentage of
US tomato production, percentage of farmland devoted to tomatoes,
etc., is relevant.  Articles about specific tomato farms are relevant
as long as the farms are significant for something such as size or
production method or volume.  Agriculture Department rulings or
guidelines are acceptable as long as they specifically include the NJ
tomato crop.  If NJ is included with other states in production
figures the article is relevant even if the NJ share of the production
volume is indeterminate.  (For example, "New Jersey, Maryland, and
California together produce 75% of the world's tomatoes.")  Price
tables alone are not relevant.  A picture of a NJ tomato or tomato
farm is not relevant unless there is some associated significant data.
Bibliographies are not acceptable.

</top>


<top>
<num> Number: 846

<title> heredity and obesity

<desc> Description:
Describe evidence that heredity does or does not play a role in obesity.

<narr> Narrative:
Relevant documents will include those that provide evidence for or
against the position that heredity plays a role in obesity.  Documents
citing planned research regarding a link between obesity and heredity
are not relevant.

</top>


<top>
<num> Number: 847

<title> Portugal World War II

<desc> Description:
What was the role of Portugal in World War II?

<narr> Narrative:
Give evidence of the role or importance of Portugal on either side (or
not at all) in World War II.  Documents can include any reference to
gold being stored by or for Portugal, use of Portuguese ports as
escape routes from Nazi Europe, Portuguese provision of arms materials
to Axis countries, any reference to Portuguese status as a neutral
nation, etc.

</top>


<top>
<num> Number: 848

<title> radio station call letters

<desc> Description:
Identify radio stations by their call letters and location or ownership.

<narr> Narrative:
Call letters must be present for a document to be relevant.  Either
geographic location or personal or organizational ownership is
relevant.  Stations no longer in existence are relevant.  Explanations
of call letter allocation systems are not relevant unless they include
actual stations with identifying information.

</top>


<top>
<num> Number: 849

<title> Scalable Vector Graphics

<desc> Description:
What is "scalable vector graphics"?

<narr> Narrative:
Relevant documents describe the concept "scalable vector graphics",
what it is used for, and what special advantages the technique has,
especially with respect to portability and zooming features.
Documents which merely mention the term in a list of, e.g., system
requirements are not relevant.

</top>


<top>
<num> Number: 850

<title> Mississippi River flood

<desc> Description:
How frequently does the Mississippi River flood its banks? 

<narr> Narrative:
Flooding is a relative term which implies water overflowing its
container and causing damage to the surrounding ares.  Documents are
relevant if they describe Mississippi River events which are commonly
considered to be floods.  Relevant documents may also show how such
events have led to the introduction of controls to lessen the
frequency of damaging floods of this river.  Relevant documents
include different levels of flooding, not only the major ones.
Documents are not relevant if they are essentially forecasts or
routine reports of water levels.  They are also not relevant if they
are purely bibliographies or lists of sources for relevant documents.
Photos and videos of floods alone are not relevant.

</top>
